We have a news break.
Jincheng Guardian Wanchengye suddenly fell seriously ill
He was rushed to the hospital for treatment
Wanjia is the head of the four major families in Jincheng
Wancheng Ye is the richest man in Kyushu
At present, Wanjia has not yet selected a family heir
Where are the billions of dollars going?
Everyone eat, have fun, drink well
Today, the consumption of the audience will be paid by Wan Gongzi
Where have you been, Xiaojie?
Master Pi has been mixed into entertainment venues all day
He should be in Amami at this point.
So lawless
Sir, calm down
Found the whereabouts of the eldest young master
What? Where's my son?
The eldest young master is also in Amami now
Just working as a security guard at a bar
The life of the eldest master
It's hard, go get him back
It's almost lazy to feed the chickens to get rid of the cold
My surname is good too
Why is there such a big difference?
Hey, miss, pets can't be used. You have rules.
Your mouth stinks!
How dare you call my son ugly?
I want you to apologize to my son right now